# Meeting the CSRF Middleware

The introduction of CSRF (Cross Site Request Forgery) security middleware to prevent dangerous **POST** request by the third part.

## Keywords

HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, Django, Security

## Description

CSRF is a security issue in web applications.

> Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) is an attack that forces an end user to execute unwanted actions on a web application in which they¡¯re currently authenticated.
> With a little help of social engineering (such as sending a link via email or chat), an attacker may trick the users of a web application into executing actions of the attacker¡¯s choosing.
> If the victim is a normal user, a successful CSRF attack can force the user to perform state changing requests like transferring funds, changing their email address, and so forth.
> If the victim is an administrative account, CSRF can compromise the entire web application.

> ([https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/csrf](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/csrf))

## Defense in Django

Django web server provides an easy-to-use middle ware to defense CSRF.
The procedure is:

1. In the backend, the CSRF middleware is applied to the server **by default**;
2. In the frontend, the HTML files can be **rendered** with the placeholder of **{{csrf_token}}**;
    - The token is **added** by the django server as responding to the HTML request;
    - The POST request to the server should be made **carrying** the token;
    - The token will be noticed by the server to **authorize** the POST request;
    - Additionally, the token is randomly generalized **every time** the HTML is rendered.

## Example Code

```html
// The code should be included in your html file

// Use the jQuery package
<script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-latest.js"></script>

// Add the {{csrf_token}}
<script type="text/javascript">
    // Use csrf support
    $.ajaxSetup({
        data: {
            csrfmiddlewaretoken: "{{csrf_token}}",
        },
    });
</script>

```

Have a good day.